refactor(cloudbuild): migrate components to Backstage UI (#10265)
backstage/community-plugins: workspaces/cloudbuild/.changeset/cloudbuild-backstage-ui.md

---

> '@backstage-community/plugin-cloudbuild': minor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
'@backstage-community/plugin-cloudbuild': major
```

We are using this migration to move plugins to v1 that have been around for a long time now.

---

> Migrated the Cloud Build components from Material UI to the Backstage UI design system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Migrated from Material UI (MUI) to the Backstage UI (BUI) design system.
```
